# alexa-skill-boilerplate
This Boilerplate provides a skeleton for a custom Alexa Skill based on the Alexa Skill Kit for NodeJS used with the ASK-CLI, where the functionality is hosted as an AWS Lambda function and a dynamoDB also hosted on AWS.

ASK-CLI Note: There seems to be a bug when initializing ask-cli with a custom AWS profile, so for now use the default profile.

## Requirements
AWS Lambda Account
Amazon Developer Account
ASK CLI (npm i -g ask-cli)
AWS dynamoDB Database

## Getting Started
clone this repo e.g. with ```git clone https://github.com/SmeechDE/alexa-skill-boilerplate.git```
navigate in your lambda directories and ```npm i```
adjust the ```.ask/config ```, ```skill.json```, ```lambda/custom/default-NA/config.js``` and write your function
deploy your skill with the ASK-CLI

## Testing locally
For testing locally it is possible to use the ```alexa-skill-test``` package. To install it execute ```npm i -g alexa-skill-test``` in your terminal. After starting it with ```alexa-skill-test``` navigate to ```localhost:3000``` in your browser. The autogenerated JSON is currently buggy and it is recommended to copy a JSON from the Alexa Developer Portal -> Alexa -> Getting Started -> Your Skill -> Test Section.

Note: If you get a timeout error when executing requests, disable the responsible code with a comment.

To setup a local dynamoDB Java SDK and the downloadable version of DynamoDB is required. (```http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/DynamoDBLocal.html```)

To start the local DB, edit the ```lambda/custom/default-NA/config.js``` File and provide your region and set production mode to false. After that execute ```java -Djava.library.path=./DynamoDBLocal_lib -jar DynamoDBLocal.jar -sharedDb``` in your terminal and navigate to ```localhost:8000/shell``` in your Browser. Here you can add and edit your dynamo test DBs (see: Code icon in the upper right corner for instructions).

## Deploying
For a shorter deploy time you can deploy only parts of your skill:
ask deploy -t skill
ask deploy -t model
ask deploy -t lambda

For further information see the documentation for the Ask Cli on https://developer.amazon.com/de/docs/smapi/ask-cli-intro.html
